Ms. Kwon?
Oh!
Sorry.
Ms. Kwon?
I’m so slow today.
It’s OK.
Take your time.
So can you pioneer next month?
No doubt you will experience
greater joy . . .
Brother Joo?
Brother Joo? Over here.
Yes, Sister Kwon.
Can I have one too?
Uh, of course.
Just a moment, please.
Brother Joo, I have
many doctors’ appointments next month,
but maybe—
Uh, OK.
Yeah.
I wrote a little something
that might help you when you fill it out.
Oh, I see.
Here you go.
Thank you.
And remember, our circuit overseer’s visit
is in two months.
Mm-hm.
And only 30 hours are required that month.
I see.
Brother Joo?
Yes. Hello, Brother Lee.
Yes.
Hello, Sister Kwon.
Hello, Brother Lee.
Nice job covering those parts
at the last minute.
Anyway, it seems like everyone is away.
Hello, Sister Kwon.
Can I ask you to do something?
Here’s what I need.
Hello, Sister Joo.
If you want to get something done,
give it to a busy man.
We can always count on you.
Hannah and I
were beginning to feel overwhelmed.
. . . in Jesus’ name we pray. Amen.
Brother Joo,
may I have a moment?
I need your help with something.
Then Brother Kim needed help
with the territories.
Of course, we loved being busy
with theocratic work.
Yes, Brother Kim?
Just a second.
It’s Brother Kim
calling about the territories.
I’ll only take a minute.
Yes, uh-huh.
I see.
Yes, I understand.
OK, sounds good.
Other more important things
were beginning to suffer.
It’s like doctors’ appointments
are my whole life now.
I have so many next month,
and they take forever to reschedule.
How could I possibly make my time?
There’s something written here.
“Prayerfully consider 2 Corinthians 8:12.”
“If the readiness is there . . .
“[oh, I am ready],
“. . . according to what a person has,
not according to what a person
does not have.”
Hmm.
Jehovah wanted the Israelites
to sacrifice their best,
but just imagine what would happen
if they tried to do more than they could.
I can almost hear the reaction.
Dad!
Where did all the sheep go?
All of them?
What are we supposed to live on?
No.
He didn’t want them to sacrifice so much
that they couldn’t support their families.
I need those appointments.
But maybe in two months
when I don’t have so many appointments
and it’s the circuit overseer’s visit,
I could set a goal.
We knew we were taking on too much work.
But could we say no?
We wanted Jehovah’s view.
What’s so funny?
Um.
There’s something I just shared
with Sister Kwon
that is perfect for us too
—2 Corinthians 8:12.
“According to what a person has”
—it’s just like our financial contributions.
Exactly.
Honey, would Jehovah
want us to get into debt
to make a huge contribution
we couldn’t afford?
Amen.
You know, that scripture that we just read—
Brother Kim Si-Young.
Territories again?
Yes.
But I’ll tell him that I’ll call him
after family worship.
We can’t give what’s not ours.
And we can’t let
our spiritual routine suffer,
even for theocratic privileges.
Note this promise in the Bible.
Look at this flower.
Isn’t it beautiful?
I love this time of year.
Thank you both so much
for your help this month.
It felt good to find the right balance
and to know we’re giving Jehovah all we can.